hey everybody welcome back on the line
please abiding by scattereth plus we've
completed the entire the entire negative
how do you complete the polaroid how to
complete Polaroid Isaac
kill Isaac in the cathedral six times
oh so you unlike a negative before the
polar the cathedral is the harder path
what a strange
tangled web we weave unlocked by beating
greed motive is amazing well obviously
that's something we can do in the future
here but you know we got a lot of Isaac
work left to do to start with Isaac I
know you're gonna ask many questions a 7
k 0 9 Kimmie's I could I could only name
name one Kimmy Kimmy Schmidt that's it
that's the one I think that's it apart
from that kimchi I can name at least two
kinds of kimchi
you got the one who made with a napa
cabbage that you got there's a cucumber
kimchi this delicious as well anyway the
place counts uh I totally forgot the
name if you count don Muji in there as
they'd look at the skin a little too
Korean cuisine focused but I do like a
good Korean cuisine so I'm just being to
thine own self be true
you know what I mean for the time being
the last run was fairly difficult
actually one of the more difficult runs
you could possibly have while also
having brimstone which means you know in
the whole scheme of things there wasn't
really that bad difficult at all but we
got through it and that's important it's
blue baby sometimes it can be a little
dicey and that brimstone no damage
upgrades wasn't doing us as many favors
as it oftentimes would so it wasn't an
automatic victory plus we beat or we
unlocked
hush and I think we might have unlocked
the shoal path permanently
but I'm not totally sure you sure about
that
but I did just get a good idea for like
a non-sequitur bit it'd be like I'm a
show man
but em pampered in anthem well I do have
like the sound board hooked up I don't
have any air horns on it yet but I could
like I could do like this hey give me a
moment here don't hit me please
I'm a shoul he's gonna hit me I'm a show
man wouldn't necessarily recommend it
okay silly starts in today's episode but
we're going to get through it
nonetheless I assure you we've got
nothing to fear not even fear itself I
shouldn't have taken that red heart of
damage even for the purposes of the joke
because it's going to make it impossible
yeah for me too yeah especially now that
I've given it a chance impossible for me
to get an arcade on the next floor and
an arcade with that B bag is really nice
because it gives you extra chances to
get the blood bag or to get a second IV
bag or just to get more money than you
otherwise would in an average situation
but that's fine I've no choice here
toxic shock is actually really really
good all we need is a bomb and then
there's a tinted rock and then we're
probably set for life and buy set for
life I mean set for getting the deal
with the devil on this floor where we
will possibly pick up an item that helps
us and as a result be set for life maybe
I don't know toxic shock is good though
especially if our damage is not
altogether that impressive all those
clothes the fact that enemies that die
leave creep is really really useful
especially I mean you saw in that
situation right there prints to the end
adequately not 10 out of 10 there's our
bomb we're probably good okay I know
you've probably thought we started this
one playing a little bit too far away
from our chests you always play the
cards close to your chest you're playing
you know with the cards at arm's length
go and don't look at my cards
for cents not quite enough to in all
likelihood biosphere at Arkham still if
we lost an Isaac run this early on I
mean you start with 3 HP there's very
very little reason to be messing up and
Isaac run this early
except for hubris and I I accept kuber's
as a valid reason you're gonna tell
Macbeth's that no sorry Macbeth you
can't lose spoilers because of hubris I
always thought you know I respect
Shakespeare a lot of people you know
you're basically forced to read
Shakespeare in high school a lot of
people resented that he's not my
favorite playwright I'm saying that as
someone who's read all of like 6 plays
in my entire life probably but no you
know he's not my favorite author of
printed media certainly BuzzFeed fits
the bill a lot better for my personal
taste but I always thought that was kind
of a cop-out it was like the first M
night Shyamalan twist is the first time
we've had lump of coal by the way when
you know the witches tell Macbeth
they're like no man boarded woman could
possibly kill you and then Macduff shows
up and Macbeth is like hey sorry I burst
your bubble Macduff but no man born of
woman could possibly kill me I was told
that by witches as we know in today's
modern world witches are considered you
know we need to pick it up of course
witches are considered immutable Macduff
is like I understand that I only know a
couple of things in this world one of
which is that witches are hurt immutable
harbingers the truth oh I was a little
scary huh probably shouldn't have done
that but we did unlock a crawlspace or
possibly black-market it's a crawl space
with three pennies Wow well worth the
cost of doing business but he's like
check it out my mom added the variant
section so I was not born of woman and
as long as that how it works you have to
pass through that holy gate to be
considered born of woman I was also born
by a c-section I consider myself to be
born of woman though
I know it always struck me as kind of a
weak premise I don't know if maybe
audiences were just a little bit less
discerning back in like the 17th century
you know they're like hahaha this is the
best thing I've ever seen in my entire
life because I'm not presently dying of
a you know venereal disease or something
like that but for me in a twenty twenty
first century audience I do like Macbeth
but that twist of the end just never
never really got me to be honest with
you I'm like you know what I have a
conversation with Shakespeare and be
like he is still born of woman though in
my opinion at least Wow I forgot our
first off our stats are they got too
good too fast it's like winning the
lottery I'm going to lose it on by like
18 Toyota Tacomas or something like that
our speed got way too fast but this is
great dim bulb with something that has
no charges there are no ability to
charge aka I'm limited charges I guess
being strictly correct here is
apparently amazing it's like a really
really I'm going to add in a third
really I know you're going to say save
that third really for a situation of
warrants and I think the situation
warrants it it's a really really really
good all snacks up we're up the 9.3
damage a lot of that is thanks to magic
much but part of it is certainly thanks
to IB bag big chub you know he's just
hanging out he's doing his thing I'm
happy to have him along for the ride the
big thing in the last episode by the way
was we knocked out super meatboy the
like literal super meatboy achievement
eponymously named which is actually a
pretty big get for us dude this item
shows up in every shop and it's a pretty
big get for us because oh my Lanta
that's something that to get it so early
on an hour you know relative isaac
career here is extremely unlikely so I'm
very happy to have gotten it hope yeah
I mean the thing is we don't need IV bag
you know we've got money we don't have
money equals power pardon me diplopia
still works with unlimited charger sight
with a dim bulb here so we're pretty
much completely set in that regard
anyway be nice to have more money but we
can't even donate the money that we do
have because the donation machine is
broken so they will roll with diplopia
and maybe we can double some angel deals
or something yeah thank you for this
because I am going to sacrifice some and
I regret this decision immensely we have
tons of keys let's just teleport out
save ourselves to have spirit art more
or less guarantee ourselves the maximum
possible chances deal with the devil and
you know continue on our merry way here
things are going well took me a long
time to get used to saying that things
are going well it really do we don't any
runes unlocked I forgot about that it
really did take the expression Superman
does good you do well for me to start
saying do well instead of do good mostly
because of the song be good Johnny right
he doesn't say be well be well be well
be well be well be well be well be well
be well Johnny anyway
men at work joke okay cue to sleep
anyway
but I take issue with language on
multiple occasions for example I really
dislike when you you know in school you
would say can I go to the bathroom and
then your teacher would be like uh-uh
you'd be like okay may I go to the
bathroom what is this like are you an
actual computer you know what I mean
of course you it's the physical
capabilities of going to the bathroom
it's not ours we use a Ken and may in
the English language
it wasn't like 1920 but you know when
the server at a restaurant comes over is
like what can I get for you is that uh
uh uh what may you get for me you do for
this the physical ability to carry food
to me ah can I get a cheeseburger uh uh
uh
may I get a cheeseburger of course I you
can receive a cheeseburger you have a
table in a plate and flatware in front
of you do you not just always even as a
child I wasn't that much different as a
child as I am today pretty much just a
visibly smaller version of the person
you see before you struck me as
needlessly pedantic but then like I
don't understand there must be like
feces written on this not CC that's a
different YouTube channel altogether
there must be thesis a--'s rather when
we've gone to ten arcades maybe oh you
jerk written about the subject
the etiquette of allowing people to go
to the bathroom or in classrooms what I
mean
I don't know what the rules were we
didn't have hall passes but I understand
the concept of a Hall Pass it's like you
know the teacher has basically
commodified the ability to leave the
classroom so they have a good excuse if
a third person wants to leave the
classroom they only give out like two
hall passes or something like that plus
it lets the hall monitor's know that
you're allowed to be out in the hallway
I understand however we're still going
to do it like this I don't even want to
buy Mama Megan here you might be
thinking I'm going to take the position
that shouldn't you just be able to go to
the bathroom when you have to go and I
think honestly that my answer to that is
no because there are situations in real
life where you can't go to the bathroom
where you have to hold it and I think
it's a skill worth learning and I have
it worth making because you're not
learning the habit of holding your urine
in what you're learning is should have
gone when I had free time instead of you
know taking it out of something that's
important so I agree you shouldn't just
let you know people go to the bathroom
whenever they have to go but I think
it's weird that when you're in like
elementary school let's do it you'd have
to hold up your hand and say to your
teacher in front of the whole class may
I go to the band like everybody poops we
all know the REM song everybody poops
and everybody cry maybe not at the same
time but but to have to announce it in
front of the whole class it's a little
demeaning right I mean that's a meaning
again cuz everybody does it it's just
it's more information than necessary why
make them verbalize like in college you
just get up and go because you're an
adult in there like out of you're paying
for the class what do I care the
teachers I guess share some
responsibility for your well-being
in elementary school just I mean I'm
thinking back to an anecdote that I had
when I was in second grade you need a
little bit of backstory on this
throughout my entire and I mean entire
school career I pooped at the school two
times
that's it one time was in second grade
so it's like my third or fourth year of
school junior kindergarten senior
kindergarten first grade second grade I
had never pooped to the school before
it's kind of like my white whale if you
will is all of a sudden I feel that
telltale urge I put up my hand and I
asked the teacher
can I go poop and she said yes you can
go but you don't have to save which one
you're doing and I understand where
she's coming from
especially in hindsight but she's gonna
oh oh you instead what I'm gonna do put
up my hand uh may I go poop or pee I
already knows what you're doing in the
bathroom it's not like you're
maintaining some level of plausible
deniability like he could just be going
to wash his hands he's seven years old
he's now going to the bathroom to wash
his hands willfully he's taking the
number two or number one anyway the next
time was one time in high school when I
had some gastrointestinal distress
I always just and this this carries
onwards to this point I have I've gotten
over it
I will poop in public you know not to
overload you here I'm not giving you
gross details so if you're like we'd
like just get over it you might have a
child one day you're have to change
their diaper get ready to deal with you
know poop I pooped on an airplane I've
pooped in restaurants multiple places of
employment many different times I'm
basically over it probably pooped on
like four continents definitely North
America and Asia certainly Europe I
don't think I have the third or the
fourth continent yet
well I guess Great Britain is still
technically part of Europe anyway I
digress we don't need to go down that
road all I'm getting that is that it is
a condition that no longer afflicts me
but still I like I like privacy in the
moment let's use this 99 cents as a good
opportunity to buy a bunch of stuff that
we have not picked up yet so if that
would be good for us for the run but
also probably items that we have not
picked up yet so we can just improve on
our progress towards getting it you know
basically everything online I don't
necessarily think it's a rare thing to
like privacy when you defecate I'm just
saying I don't want to take a little bag
at some point we're going to have to
take little baggie I don't want to take
little baggie I think we've already
taken moving bucks
I do like BFF you might even be saying
who doesn't like I don't know there are
people that poop with the door open I
don't like that even if I'm a home by
myself I close the door and I justify it
to myself that like oh like if I get
robbed I at least want one door between
me and the robbers first off
gives me time to prepare secondly a
certain layer of decency later you're
going to take all my stuff I don't want
to be naked in in a vulnerable position
while you do it I guess what I'm
suggesting here
it's a good pickup same with the shower
I don't like being in the shower with
the door open
not the shower door I'm like the
bathroom door that leads to the shower
the door that leads to the room which
has the shower in it I'm just saying you
know we don't have a shower door seems
showers with doors is a shower curtain
situation just don't feel comfortable
it's like it's exposed even though it it
shouldn't be but I might be in the
minority there I also like to have my
own environment like that you know time
with which to pursue it I think it's the
the long poop and I don't know if Robert
will attest to this it's not just
because people say like well you know if
you take 15 minutes to defecate why
don't you just take five minutes to
defecate and then 10 minutes of doing
whatever you would do on the toilet but
not on the toilet you raise a very
logical point but it's different it's a
psychological thing it's about having a
force to break to guilt-free do whatever
you want in there so you know when I was
in high school I beat Super Mario
Brothers 3 the re-released version for
the Game Boy Advance on the toilet took
me several months of you know 10 to 15
minute play sessions but I had a
wonderful time doing it great memories
so the best times in my life honestly
read countless books takes a long time
but if you feel like it's a job well
done at the end you know I didn't have a
smartphone occasionally you do the crap
top you ever do that you bring your
laptop it into the bathroom with you and
play like Microsoft chess or something
onl I don't want to use your laptop good
don't use my laptop it's my laptop suck
on that
I've got my germs on it I'm not worried
about my own germs I wash my hands
afterwards that the laptop picks up some
poop particles that's fine by the way
I'm sure everybody going oh that's gross
y'all are using your smartphone on the
toilet anyway that's different is not on
my lap it's an inch and a half away from
my lab the germs can't travel that far
there's a force field around it bunch of
hypocrites
y'all strong men are a bunch of
hypocrites okay
I'm just saying they were dark times
back then the smartphone is
revolutionized it humbling bundle is
doing work I think you know we should do
the classic oh by the way Holy Light
Plus crickets body nice combination I
appreciate getting extra Holy Light
shots that but there's a lot of riffraff
on a room could help us out a great deal
but I think we should do the classic
boss rush move which is essentially use
diplopia and take four items from boss
rush if they give us the opportunity to
do so
so here's the theory I want to test we
don't need to of any of these so we're
just going to take nun's habit even
though it here's the thing in case
you're not familiar excuse me
okay I'm losing my mind
because that should have broken it in
case you're not familiar nuns have it
might be useless for us right now but
holy water is just not good so I mean
especially considering we have Aquarius
we can make our own holy water with
blackjack but what I'm trying to get at
with you here in the windows of my soul
is there's no reason to use diplopia
there we don't need to none sabes
doesn't do anything for us now what I
wanted to test is do we get young didn't
nevermind the test just came through all
explain and unless though we don't get
Holy Light shots out of the crickets
body prog unless the first shot was Holy
Light in which case we get four holy
light shots when it goes through
crickets body that's pretty cool I mean
on the one hand I would like to create
Holy Light shots out of a non Holy Light
shot when it's a wall but on the other
hand getting guaranteed Holy Light shots
out of every Holy Light shot is really
good now it's a sense that obviously if
we came close to the end there started
to make no sense to me but that's fine
as well
we do have secret rooms available I'm
going to choose not to care
about those and instead focus on getting
to the mom five-year we know we have a
deal with the angel and we know the deal
with the angel it stinks and I don't
like it at this point because it's got
nothing in it an angel statue I can't
even blow up come on I gotta try one
more time just because it seems like
yeah okay so we got to unlock
'blow-up-able angel statues I guess we
will I mean neither of them are
particularly strong but we'll double
them anyway and you could actually it's
a rare situation both of these items
benefit from doubles only mildly we're
like we're already at max speed and our
range is good but do we really want to
be bf flying around on small levels I
think the answer is no but I'm probably
going to take that regardless I don't
think we get any closer to fungi by
taking a third mini much too hard me we
do have BFF as well
I don't know if be BF + BFF has any kind
of synergistic element to it but it does
have a certain linguistic coolness to it
so I appreciate that and why are we
actually finishing boss rush well
remember back before boss rush was
something that you just stole items from
boss rush was something you do in order
to unlock things so what if this unlocks
of one of the dye one of the dice I
guess it's like very Isaac E
Isak on lock design uh-oh
shouldn't the back of the mask I didn't
realize the heart was still alive I
should have followed the advice of
Norman Osborn from the first spider-man
film the heart Osborn first you attack
the heart that weird scene where he's
having a conversation with himself as
the Green Goblin in the mirror so much
the first spider-man movie I've actually
seen for a while the first spider-man
movie there was an awkward transition
from Ryan the middle schooler into Ryan
the snob so there was like a bit of a
period probably around like the year
2003-2004 I was like my favorite movie
of all time Charlie Kaufman's adaptation
Nicolas Cage turns in a performance as
brothers charlie and donald kaufman that
is otherworldly and also reality bending
in this creative film from the scribe of
Being John Malkovich and then at the
same time I was like second favorite
film ever finer man one with great power
comes great responsibility Plus Kirsten
Dunst is real cute that was third
favorite movie of all time
Star Wars Episode two attack of the
clones that's false I never really liked
attack of the clones but for a while
spider-man one was my favorite
I'm sorry my second favorite movie of
all time mmm you've really got to check
out this Tartakovsky film solaris it's
so haunting in its desolate beauty and
then also have you considered watching
Ben Affleck's 2002 film daredevil well
we should Emperor like right away
because what do we care about the womb
one we don't care about the bloom I'll
spoil it for you we don't care about the
womb one
and the runs actually are going to be
closer to like a representative length
now I think now you know what we already
have brimstone last run let's focus on
synergies that we know we can that are
that are a little bit more novel now
I've grown into a full-blown full-blown
snob but I think I've rebuked my earlier
snobby ways like my film choices now I
think are a reaction to the way that I
overcorrect it as a as a teenager like I
definitely for my like 17th birthday
this is not a joke apparently like what
do you want for your birthday
and I was like the DVD of Frederico
fellini's classic film eight and a half
NL are you a big fan of eight and a half
not really I had never seen it but I
read on the internet that it was one of
those films you have to see I
Washington's a 17 year old I didn't
really get it to be honest with you it's
like I don't really like it that much
then people said have you like eight and
a half and I said always a master's I
don't want people to think I'm stupid
right of course he'll get eight and a
half when you're 12 most people at least
won't get eight and a half when they're
17 years old for the average person your
life experience is not at the highest
point is ever going to be at the age of
17 if you're watching this you're 17 I'm
not insulted by any stretch of the
imagination but you've got so much life
ahead of you you can't even fathom and
it's going to open up a world of
understanding in other media not just
from getting references that you
wouldn't otherwise get but I just you
know will resonate with you as well
because you've done through some of the
stuff for the characters gone through as
well how am I supposed to relate to a
film about an aging Italian film starred
so they just doesn't fit that'll stay
open but let's why even take any chances
you know you complete yourself in
someone else's shoes to some extent you
get all you got to live more to
experience it I think the way it's meant
to be experienced contagion 20/20 these
are good pick ups I also feel like you
ever like listen to music no never
um now you ever listen to music and then
like not know some of the lyrics and
then you come back to it like you listen
to the song a hundred times don't know
the lyrics
you know they I know most of the words
but some of the words just you know
don't work for me they don't fit in my
brain it just sounds like gibberish you
come back after like six years looking
to it and you go always saying I
understand now that's the same thing you
know the brain's grown up a little bit
you've heard more more phrases and you
interpret it better maybe I don't know
I'm getting a little abstract even for
me at this point but it's been happening
to me lately I can't think of an example
off the top of my head here
one is actually and I don't know what
this has to do with growing older but
you know in kiss from a rose seal says
to me and like a grown addiction and I
can't an addict who won't you tell me is
that healthy baby but did you know that
when okay I saw myself as Rory said the
line but to me you're like a grown
addiction then I can be a man when I was
a kid I thought he said to me like a
rolling dictionary I can't say that same
thing like you know the Bee Gees stayin
alive they go like you can track to
understand the New York Times effect on
man you summin summin seeing the city
breaking with stay in laughs you know as
a as a kid you can try to understand the
New York Times a bag old man you know at
the time I was like this is a great song
it mentions one of my favorite circular
foods I'm gonna be straight with you may
be my second favorite circular food
what's number one a donut no you idiot
pizza doughnut
the ridiculous statement you could
possibly muster I can't do something you
don't put it on a pizza unless you live
in South Korea mustard
Ruka would you like to enter while I
hold right onto the hush skies hello my
spiel I'm Brent how are you today I'm
going to show Ruka everybody Ruka
Benetton Aniston Aniston and it's
insensitive
okay how did it feel in 5:30 a.m. when
you threw up on the carpet
and I had to get a wet paper towel and
dab it half asleep they'd go back to
sleep and then you wake up three hours
later but you don't feel like you had
the kind of sleep you were supposed to
have because it was interrupted and your
whole day is just like mildly off-kilter
it's all right buddy
we did it wait at the end of the run
right I forgot would you do this and
just ends all right well it's a good run
regardless get knocked out son we'll
watch the ending hello buddy
hello Roca hello mom
do you have the fear of foam oh that's
redundant
FOMO is the fear of missing out
Heaphy is still alone something
something something something damn bones
that's kind of like a you know a bit of
a macabre moment there I don't know if I
should have busted out into bad singing
to make it feel right don't lick my
hands slick in my hands
that is asel or just a demon I can't
recall fart babies appeared in the
basement you unlock the void that's too
soon anyway thanks for watching hope you
guys enjoyed the episode of me didn't
click the like button how's that a great
deal of course subscribe you every
morning keeps your but for now thanks
for watching and I'll see you next time